chore: Documentation content update (#315)
chatwoot/docs: docs/user-guide/integrations.md

title: "Integrations"
---

> Chatwoot is designed to work alongside the project communication application you use in your project. Slack and Webhooks are already integrated in Chatwoot. You can also connect your own apps using [Dashboard Apps](https://www.chatwoot.com/blog/dashboard-apps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chatwoot is designed to work alongside the project communication application you use in your project. Slack and Webhooks are already integrated with Chatwoot. You can also connect your own apps using [Dashboard Apps](/blog/dashboard-apps).
```

### Webhooks

If your Account/Project is using Webhooks for communication, click on the "Configure" button against Webhooks in the Integration Window.

<div align="center">

<img src={require('./images/webhooks-configure-button.png').default} width="800" alt="Integration Home Screen" />

</div>

Click on the "Add New Webhook" button on the right hand top side of the screen.

<div align="center">

<img src={require('./images/add-new-webhook.png').default} width="800" alt="Webhooks Home Screen" />

</div>

A screen opens up where you can enter the details of the the new Webhook you want to create.

<div align="center">

<img src={require('./images/webhooks3.png').default} width="800" alt="Webhook URL Screen" />

</div>

### Dashboard Apps

> For configuring Dashboard Apps, refer to [this doc](https://www.chatwoot.com/docs/product/others/dashboard-apps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For configuring Dashboard Apps, refer to [this doc](/docs/product/others/dashboard-apps).
```
